README.md, before:

# GoFishMultiplayer - Multiplayer Go Fish server and clients written in C++

## Table of Contents

1. Description
2. Parameters
3. Examples
4. Build
5. Mic
6. Authors

## Description

- Note: All Command are from project's root directory. 

## Parameters

## Examples

## Build

- `cmake -S . -B build`
- `cmake --build build`

## Mic

### Testing 

- `ctest --test-dir build --output-on-failure`

### Generating Documentation

Doxygen is used to automatically generate the documentation. 
Docs are regenerated every Cmake build by default.
The cmake option "genDocs" is used to control if docs are autogenerated. 
Docs can be seen [here](https://anthonyntilelli.github.io/goFishMultiplayer/)

### Static Analysis

CppCheck is used to preform the static analysis of the code in sr/
Static check are automatically run every Cmake build by default.
The cmake option "staticCheck" is used to control if static check will run.

### Formatting

`find src -type f \( -name "*.cpp" -o -name "*.hpp" -o -name "*.c" -o -name "*.h" \) -exec clang-format -i {} \;`

## Authors

- Anthony Tilelli

Commit message:

add clang-tidy to project

README.md, after:

# GoFishMultiplayer - Multiplayer Go Fish server and clients written in C++

## Table of Contents

1. Description
2. Parameters
3. Examples
4. Build
5. Mic
6. Authors

## Description

- Note: All Command are from project's root directory. 

## Parameters

## Examples

## Build

- `cmake -S . -B build`
- `cmake --build build`

## Mic

### Testing 

- `ctest --test-dir build --output-on-failure`

### Generating Documentation

Doxygen is used to automatically generate the documentation. 
Docs are regenerated every Cmake build by default.
The cmake option "genDocs" is used to control if docs are autogenerated. 
Docs can be seen [here](https://anthonyntilelli.github.io/goFishMultiplayer/)

### Static Analysis

### CppCheck

CppCheck is used to preform the static analysis of the code in sr/
Static check are automatically run every Cmake build by default.
The cmake option "staticCheck1" is used to control if static check will run.

### Clang-tidy

Clang-tidy is also available to run static analysis on the project. But it is not part of the cmake build as it is much slower then cppCheck.

- Run `run-clang-tidy.sh`. To run the full check.
- Run `git diff --name-only origin/main | grep -E '\.(cpp|hpp)$' | xargs run-clang-tidy-19 -p=./build -j 2` for a subset of changed files compared to main. Note: will error out if there are no cpp/hpp files that have changed.

### Formatting

`find src -type f \( -name "*.cpp" -o -name "*.hpp" -o -name "*.c" -o -name "*.h" \) -exec clang-format -i {} \;`

## Authors

- Anthony Tilelli
